# Gister

Command line utility for generating gists. The gists are stored locally 
in a repository which can also be version controlled. The folder is 
`~/repos/github.com/$GHUSER/gists`. To add autocompletion to the script
we place `complete -C gister gister`. To make it executable place gister in a path
directory such as `~/.local/bin`. 

The following commands are available.

## The `create` Command

Creates a new gist, the function allows the user 
to choose from python, go and bash scripts and will autogenerate 
the she bang and an author/project note at the top of the program.

## The `help` Command

```
gister help [COMMAND]
```

Displays specific help information. If no argument is passed displays
general help information (main). Otherwise, the documentation for the
specific argument keyword is displayed, which usually corresponds to
a COMMAND name (but not necessarily). All documentation is written in
GitHub Flavored Markdown and will displayed as a web page if `pandoc`
and `$HELP_BROWSER` are detected, otherwise, just the Markdown is sent
to `$PAGER` (default: more).

Also see `readme` and `usage` commands.

## The `list_local` Command

Lists the local gists stored on the system. 
Optionally allows the user to open the gist in vim and edit the file.
Once Edited the user is given the option to push to a public or 
private gist if they wish.

## The `list_private` Command

Lists privately available gists on users account

## The `list_public` Command

Lists publicly available gists on users account

## The `private_push` Command

Creates a private gist on github.
  push a gist repo to a private github gist repo

## The `push` Command

Creates a gist on github.
  push a gist repo to a public github gist repo

## Generate `README.md` File

```
gister readme > README.md
```

The `readme` command will output the embedded help documentation in raw
GitHub Flavored Markdown suitable for use as a `README.md` file on
GitHub or similar hosting service.

## The `usage` Command

Displays a summary of usage.

## The `view_gists` Command

view a gist from gh

----

*Autogenerated Mon 12 Sep 2022 19:44:05 ACST*

